Kingdom	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus	Species
seq1	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Parabacteroides	human gut metagenome
seq2	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Akkermansiaceae	Akkermansia	Akkermansia sp. UNK.MGS-1
seq3	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	[Eubacterium] coprostanoligenes group	human gut metagenome
seq4	Bacteria	Deferribacteres	Deferribacteres	Deferribacterales	Deferribacteraceae	Mucispirillum	Mucispirillum schaedleri ASF457
seq5	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium AJ110941
seq6	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium DW17
seq7	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 28-4
seq8	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium asparagiforme] DSM 15981
seq9	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Eisenbergiella	Eisenbergiella tayi
seq10	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelatoclostridium	[Clostridium] cocleatum
seq11	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	mouse gut metagenome
seq12	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus apodemi DSM 16634 = JCM 16172
seq13	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 28-4
seq14	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 5_1_57FAA
seq15	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Clostridium fusiformis
seq16	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium asparagiforme] DSM 15981
seq17	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerotruncus	Anaerotruncus sp. G3(2012)
seq18	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium AJ110941
seq19	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia	Romboutsia ilealis
seq20	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Hungatella	human gut metagenome
seq21	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Clostridiales bacterium CIEAF 017
seq22	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	mouse gut metagenome
seq23	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-014	bacterium enrichment culture
seq24	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium 6	[Eubacterium] siraeum V10Sc8a
seq25	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	GCA-900066575	Lachnospiraceae bacterium DW67
seq26	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Escherichia-Shigella	Triticum aestivum (bread wheat)
seq27	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	mouse gut metagenome
seq28	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-014	gut metagenome
seq29	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-010	metagenome
seq30	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] symbiosum ATCC 14940
seq31	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium G11
seq32	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Clostridium sp. Clone-44
seq33	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Lachnospiraceae bacterium DW3
seq34	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium DW17
seq35	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Marvinbryantia	Clostridiales bacterium CIEAF 012
seq36	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	A2	Lachnospiraceae bacterium A2
seq37	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Clostridiales bacterium VE202-06
seq38	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae 1	Clostridium sensu stricto 1	Clostridium saudiense
seq39	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-004	human gut metagenome
seq40	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Eubacterium] fissicatena group	Eubacteriaceae bacterium DSY8
seq41	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Eubacterium] fissicatena group	Eubacteriaceae bacterium DSY8
seq42	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Acetatifactor	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica
seq43	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus apodemi DSM 16634 = JCM 16172
seq44	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus apodemi DSM 16634 = JCM 16172
seq45	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium 5	Clostridium sp. Culture Jar-8
seq46	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Angelakisella	Angelakisella massiliensis
seq47	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Shuttleworthia	Oscillospiraceae bacterium Zagget4
seq48	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium 5	Clostridiaceae bacterium DJF_LS40
seq49	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	metagenome
seq50	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Tyzzerella	Clostridiaceae bacterium SH021
seq51	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium A4
seq52	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Flavonifractor	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 7_1_58FAA
seq53	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	metagenome
seq54	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter sp. 1-3
seq55	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	GCA-900066575	metagenome
seq56	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae UCG-006	Clostridium sp. ASF502
seq57	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Parabacteroides	human gut metagenome
seq58	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae UCG-004	metagenome
seq59	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Eubacterium] ventriosum group	human gut metagenome
seq60	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] leptum
seq61	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Marvinbryantia	metagenome
seq62	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Acetatifactor	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica
seq63	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] leptum
seq64	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Flavonifractor	Clostridiales bacterium 30-4c
seq65	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	ASF356	Clostridium sp. ASF356
seq66	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium DW52
seq67	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Acetatifactor	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica
seq68	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Candidatus Stoquefichus	Candidatus Stoquefichus sp. KLE1796
seq69	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Flavonifractor	Pseudoflavonifractor capillosus
seq70	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Dorea	metagenome
seq71	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	mouse gut metagenome
seq72	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium DW17
seq73	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia	Clostridium sp. enrichment culture
seq74	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Hungatella	human gut metagenome
seq75	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae UCG-001	metagenome
seq76	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium 9	Clostridiales bacterium CIEAF 026
seq77	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Candidatus Soleaferrea	Candidatus Soleaferrea massiliensis
seq78	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	UC5-1-2E3	Clostridia bacterium UC5.1-2E3
seq79	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus	Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis A12
seq80	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 613
seq81	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Clostridium sp. M62/1
seq82	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus saprophyticus subsp. saprophyticus
seq83	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Dorea sp. 5-2
seq84	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Murimonas	Murimonas intestini
seq85	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium 9	bacterium enrichment culture clone M244
seq86	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae UCG-006	Clostridium sp. ASF502
seq87	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	metagenome
seq88	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium 5	[Clostridium] indolis DSM 755
seq89	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 6_1_63FAA
seq90	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae R-7 group	Blattella germanica (German cockroach)
seq91	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Marvinbryantia	metagenome
seq92	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Acetatifactor	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica
seq93	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Gracilibacteraceae	Gracilibacter	Clostridium sp. FCB90-3
seq94	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Flavonifractor	Clostridiales bacterium 30-4c
seq95	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus lentus F1142
seq96	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	mouse gut metagenome
seq97	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Hungatella	Hungatella hathewayi VE202-11
seq98	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	GCA-900066575	metagenome
seq99	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Turicibacter	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium
seq100	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-013	metagenome
seq101	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Gracilibacteraceae	Gracilibacter	Clostridium sp. FCB90-3
seq102	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	UC5-1-2E3	Clostridia bacterium UC5.1-2E3
seq103	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Clostridioides	Clostridioides difficile P33
seq104	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	GCA-900066575	metagenome
seq105	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Oscillibacter	[Clostridium] leptum
seq106	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Eubacterium] fissicatena group	Eubacterium sp. SB2
seq107	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Acetatifactor	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica
seq108	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Clostridium sp. M62/1
seq109	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-002	bacterium enrichment culture
seq110	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Angelakisella	Angelakisella massiliensis
seq111	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	bacterium NLAE-zl-C350
seq112	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium 5	gut metagenome
seq113	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Dorea	metagenome
seq114	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-014	gut metagenome
seq115	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Family XIII	Family XIII AD3011 group	metagenome
seq116	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae UCG-004	metagenome
seq117	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelatoclostridium	Clostridiales bacterium CHKCI006
seq118	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium 9	Clostridiales bacterium CIEAF 026
seq119	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Clostridiales bacterium CIEAF 020
seq120	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	[Clostridium] innocuum group	Erysipelotrichaceae bacterium 21_3
seq121	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium asparagiforme] DSM 15981
seq122	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	GCA-900066575	metagenome
seq123	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	UC5-1-2E3	Clostridia bacterium UC5.1-2E3
seq124	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-014	gut metagenome
seq125	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium 1	Corynebacterium jeikeium
seq126	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	metagenome
seq127	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Clostridiales bacterium 1_7_47FAA
seq128	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 28-4
seq129	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium A4
seq130	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	metagenome
seq131	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Eubacterium] xylanophilum group	mouse gut metagenome
seq132	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Clostridium sp. cTPY-12
seq133	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Acetatifactor	Acetatifactor muris
seq134	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Eubacterium] xylanophilum group	metagenome
seq135	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Holdemania	metagenome
seq136	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Clostridium sp. M62/1
seq137	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Clostridium sp. VE202-10
seq138	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] oroticum
seq139	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] leptum
seq140	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Lachnospiraceae bacterium DW22
seq141	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Acetatifactor	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica
seq142	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Harryflintia	Provencibacterium massiliense
seq143	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Breznakia	Breznakia pachnodae
seq144	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Dehalobacterium	Dehalobacterium formicoaceticum
seq145	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Eggerthellaceae	Adlercreutzia	Asaccharobacter celatus
seq146	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Negativibacillus	human gut metagenome
seq147	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	UBA1819	Eubacterium sp. UNK.MGS-26
seq148	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Coprobacillus	Coprobacillus sp. 29_1
seq149	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Holdemania	Holdemania sp. Marseille-P2844
seq150	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Oscillibacter	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica
seq151	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Marvinbryantia	metagenome
seq152	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	GCA-900066575	metagenome
seq153	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	GCA-900066575	metagenome
seq154	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	A2	mouse gut metagenome
seq155	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Acetivibrio] ethanolgignens group	Acetivibrio ethanolgignens
seq156	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Dehalobacterium	Dehalobacterium formicoaceticum
seq157	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Faecalitalea	[Eubacterium] dolichum
seq158	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Ruminococcus sp. DJF_VR67
seq159	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	A2	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 3-1
seq160	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-014	human gut metagenome
seq161	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-014	gut metagenome
seq162	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Tyzzerella	Clostridiaceae bacterium SH021
seq163	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Clostridium sp. M62/1
seq164	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae UCG-001	metagenome
seq165	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	Massilioclostridium coli
seq166	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	mouse gut metagenome
seq167	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae UCG-001	metagenome
seq168	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter sp. Marseille-P3302
seq169	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
seq170	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus saprophyticus subsp. saprophyticus
seq171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Klebsiella	Klebsiella oxytoca KA-2
seq172	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus faecalis
seq173	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerotruncus	Clostridiales bacterium JN18_V41_S
seq174	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae 1	Clostridium sensu stricto 1	Clostridium saudiense
seq175	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus johnsonii
seq176	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Papillibacter	Papillibacter cinnamivorans DSM 12816
seq177	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium 9	Firmicutes bacterium ASF500
seq178	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lactonifactor	Lactonifactor longoviformis DSM 17459
seq179	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Intestinimonas	Intestinimonas butyriciproducens
seq180	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Clostridiales bacterium 1_7_47FAA
seq181	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mollicutes RF39	gut metagenome		
seq182	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-014	gut metagenome
seq183	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Eisenbergiella	Clostridiales bacterium VE202-27
seq184	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelatoclostridium	Clostridiales bacterium CHKCI006
seq185	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Candidatus Soleaferrea	Blattella germanica (German cockroach)
seq186	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	human gut metagenome
seq187	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 28-4
seq188	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Faecalibaculum	Faecalibaculum rodentium
seq189	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	metagenome
seq190	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus equinus
seq191	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mollicutes RF39	gut metagenome		
seq192	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus casseliflavus
seq193	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospira	human gut metagenome
seq194	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	metagenome
seq195	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Eubacterium] xylanophilum group	mouse gut metagenome
seq196	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaerostipes	Anaerostipes sp. 3_2_56FAA
seq197	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides ovatus 3_8_47FAA
seq198	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	ASF356	Clostridium sp. ASF356
seq199	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium DW59
seq200	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Intestinimonas	Intestinimonas massiliensis
seq201	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	A2	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 3-1
seq202	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium
seq203	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Akkermansiaceae	Akkermansia	Akkermansia sp. UNK.MGS-1
seq204	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium asparagiforme] DSM 15981
seq205	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Acetivibrio] ethanolgignens group	Acetivibrio ethanolgignens
seq206	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Marvinbryantia	metagenome
seq207	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Family XIII	Family XIII AD3011 group	metagenome
seq208	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] aldenense
seq209	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Dubosiella	Dubosiella newyorkensis
seq210	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Eubacterium] ventriosum group	human gut metagenome
seq211	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 28-4
seq212	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica	
seq213	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Muribaculum	Parabacteroides sp. YL27
seq214	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Clostridium sp. VE202-10
seq215	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae UCG-001	metagenome
seq216	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ethanoligenens	mesophilic bacterium enrichment culture clone OTU_2
seq217	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Eubacterium] ventriosum group	rumen bacterium 2/9293-18
seq218	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. 14(A)
seq219	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospira	metagenome
seq220	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Muribaculum	Parabacteroides sp. YL27
seq221	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae R-7 group	human gut metagenome
seq222	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Blattella germanica (German cockroach)
seq223	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides acidifaciens
seq224	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Dorea	metagenome
seq225	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Parabacteroides	human gut metagenome
seq226	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	[Eubacterium] xylanophilum group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium DW60
seq227	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	mouse gut metagenome	
seq228	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Hydrogenoanaerobacterium	bacterium enrichment culture clone MS20
seq229	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Muribaculum	Parabacteroides sp. YL27
seq230	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Murimonas	Murimonas intestini
seq231	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Clostridioides	Clostridioides difficile
seq232	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Butyricicoccus	bacterium NLAE-zl-H60
seq233	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] clostridioforme 90B1
seq234	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	mouse gut metagenome	
seq235	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Anaerofustis	Anaerofustis stercorihominis DSM 17244
seq236	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella 1	wallaby gut metagenome
seq237	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	UC5-1-2E3	Clostridia bacterium UC5.1-2E3
seq238	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae R-7 group	iron-reducing bacterium enrichment culture clone HN117
seq239	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] methylpentosum DSM 5476
seq240	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Harryflintia	Provencibacterium massiliense
seq242	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Gram-negative bacterium cTPY-13	
seq243	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	gut metagenome	
seq244	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	human gut metagenome
seq245	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Clostridiales bacterium VE202-06
seq246	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-014	gut metagenome
seq247	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 28-4
seq248	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	SRB2	Firmicutes bacterium CE17	
seq249	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	mouse gut metagenome	
seq250	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	gut metagenome	
seq251	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae NK4A214 group	metagenome
seq252	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Blattella germanica (German cockroach)
seq253	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium 5	[Clostridium] indolis DSM 755
seq254	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Akkermansiaceae	Akkermansia	Akkermansia sp. UNK.MGS-1
seq255	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	mouse gut metagenome
seq256	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium AJ110941
seq257	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia	Clostridium sp. enrichment culture
seq258	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales vadinBB60 group	anaerobic digester metagenome	
seq259	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mollicutes RF39	Firmicutes bacterium CAG:822		
seq260	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	mouse gut metagenome
seq261	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Parabacteroides	Parabacteroides sp. D13
seq262	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 10-1
seq263	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides uniformis
seq264	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Agathobacter	metagenome
seq265	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-014	gut metagenome
seq266	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-014	gut metagenome
seq267	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae UCG-013	metagenome
seq268	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas sp. 2024b
seq269	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	mouse gut metagenome	
seq270	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	gut metagenome	
seq271	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	human gut metagenome
seq272	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides caccae
seq273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteriales	Burkholderiaceae	Parasutterella	Proteobacteria bacterium CAG:139
seq274	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sciuri
seq275	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	ASF356	Clostridium sp. ASF356
seq276	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales vadinBB60 group	Coptotermes formosanus (Formosan subterranean termite)	
seq277	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae UCG-001	metagenome
seq278	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Acetatifactor	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica
seq279	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 6_1_63FAA
seq281	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	mouse gut metagenome
seq282	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Acetatifactor	Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica
seq283	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 1_4_56FAA
seq287	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Trichinella pseudospiralis
seq304	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium asparagiforme] DSM 15981
seq316	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group	Lachnospiraceae bacterium DW17
seq320	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Akkermansiaceae	Akkermansia	Akkermansia sp. UNK.MGS-1
seq326	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Akkermansiaceae	Akkermansia	Akkermansia sp. UNK.MGS-1
